Write-up about new addon ember-showdown-prism (#754)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2020-08-28-the-ember-times-issue-162.md

---
title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 162
author: Anne-Greeth van Herwijnen, the crowd
tags: Recent Posts, Newsletter, Ember.js Times, Ember Times, 2020
alias : "blog/2020/08/28-the-ember-times-issue-162.html"
responsive: true
---

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

Syntax highlighting in markdown with ember-showdown-prism 🔦,
<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

READMORE

---

## [A new way to add syntax highlighting to your code blocks, with `ember-showdown-prims` 🔦](https://twitter.com/real_ate/status/1297892167181099010)

[Chris Manson (@mansona)](https://github.com/mansona) released the first working version of `ember-showdown-prism` this week. This drop-in addon automatically adds [Prism](https://prismjs.com/) syntax highlighting to Markdown code blocks if you are using [showdown](https://github.com/showdownjs/showdown). 

> This addon adds **two uniques** features on top of the `prism`  and `showdown` features. Firstly, if you provide a `data-filename` attribute, it will add this name to your code block including the file type. You’ve probably seen this before in the Ember Guides.  Secondly, the line numbers are part of the code block and also clickable in Fastboot and prember environments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This addon adds **two unique** features on top of the `prism`  and `showdown` features. Firstly, if you provide a `data-filename` attribute, it will add this name to your code block including the file type. You’ve probably seen this before in the Ember Guides.  Secondly, line numbers are added to the code block and are also clickable which give you sharable links if you are using Fastboot or prember. 
```

---

> ## [A new way to add syntax highlighting to your code blocks, with `ember-showdown-prims` 🔦](https://twitter.com/real_ate/status/1297892167181099010)

Reviewer 2: Hey, welcome back! 😄   One small thing. Also, don't forget to add your intro blurb and your name to the top and bottom.

```suggestion
## [A new way to add syntax highlighting to your code blocks, with `ember-showdown-prism` 🔦](https://twitter.com/real_ate/status/1297892167181099010)
```
